So first of all, like I said, aesthetics are actually one of the big things. So when you see these new sleek slim headlights, that's how you know you're looking at the new Model 3. But also this is actually a new paint, Ultra Red, and I kind of feel like the Canon R5 is getting the color. I can actually appreciate it. There's also a new Stealth Gray color, but I like the Ultra Red. And just right off the bat it's a little bit of a further down slope on the nose, and it's always been a really simple car, but you can actually tell now it's a little bit more aerodynamic, which is gonna give you a little bit better range. I've been driving this car for a couple days getting, averaging well under 300 watt-hours per mile, and at a full state of charge, 330 miles of range in the cold, this weather. Now it's Tesla's 330 miles of range so you're probably gonna get more like 290, 285, something like that, but still the fact that it's getting the same range as what my Plaid was getting is pretty impressive. So officially the new drag coefficient is 0.219 and that's mostly gonna come from the front of the car and the places that are hitting the most air. From the side it's still gonna look just like a normal Model 3, maybe you can tell that little front shape is slightly different with a slightly lower nose, but slightly updated wheels too. I'm really liking this Ultra Red color. But yeah, it looks like a Model 3 from the side until you get to the back, which is where you'll see the new taillights. And they are also pretty distinctive and angular, and I think pretty nice. Here's a maybe hot take, the no Tesla logo, it just says Tesla in text now on the back. And at first I didn't really love that, but I've started to get used to it. So the only Tesla logo is actually on the front hood and if I wanna open it up, that power liftgate is the same as it's always been and you've got a pretty decent sized trunk. But now you'll notice that those taillights are one piece, so if I close this again, you'll see that entire taillight is uninterrupted on the back trunk piece. So it doesn't have any gaps at night, you just see one continuous light and I like that. An AC dual motor. This is not a performance trim, this is just a standard Model 3 for right now, and that's the back. 