You probably can't tell, but it's pretty quiet. And so in general, this really still feels very recognizably just like previous Model 3s, but everywhere you look, there's lots of little things in the direction of premium, in the direction of comfortable, and in the direction of luxury a little bit, not so much sporty. And we'll talk about what I think might work for a performance Model 3 version of this maybe a little later, but let's look around. So first of all, this is the new steering wheel. This I think is the only thing that anyone may have complaints about because as you can probably notice right away, there's no more stalks. So the Model 3 always had the stalks while the Model S and X didn't. Now there's no more blinker stalks and there's no driver stalks so if you want to switch to drive, you put your foot on the brake and swipe forward or backward just like the Model S. Or, fun fact, actually, there's your PRNDL up here if you really, I don't think most people are gonna use that, but in case of the screen not being on, that's how you change gears. But then the rest of the steering wheel is your buttons on the steering wheel. So here on the right hand side, that's gonna be your windshield wipers, which you can also switch to automatic, your voice dictation. And then this will turn on autopilot and if you wanna turn up or down, that's gonna be the distance between you and the car in front of you while on autopilot. Then on the left, that's your blinkers, left or right blinkers are on the steering wheel in Model 3 now, and your high beams, and of course, your your media and volume. But that does mean the middle is a regular horn, not a button on the steering wheel, and it is a pretty close to circular wheel. So there are some things that people are gonna like and there are some things that people are definitely gonna have to get used to like the no stalks. But again, this is in the theme, it feels like to me, of mini Model S. So then everywhere else you look, improved materials and build quality. I like this Alcantara, it's nice and soft. You've got all the same switches you normally do and the door to get in and out. Up here it's just your air vents, but it's kind of like this fabric here, it's a pretty unique look. Obviously you're gonna have a lot of cars have your screen back here, so this is just a very obvious plain open space, but I kind of like this sort of a gray fabric. And then all the way around the car, which you'll notice especially when you're driving is this LED lighting. So this light strip goes all the way around up at the front, all the way around the side of the car, and yes, you can change the look of it just by dragging around and changing the color of the LEDs. There's purple, there's red, yellow. It looks pretty good at night just because it's, again, pretty continuous all around the car. And then of course here is the main center console. This screen has a faster computer and it is way more responsive. Like all of the software and everything that you do in this car is just as fast as ever and often even faster than I remember, which is awesome. And that's always good to see because Tesla's literally been the best software in any car that's not CarPlay or Android Auto for years now. Also, you may have noticed I've got this new view of the parking spot I'm in, which if I pull forward a little bit, you'll notice zooms out. That is the new High Fidelity Park Assist. It's not a 360 camera, but it's pretty close. It gives you sort of this heat map of the things that are around you. You can see the parking lines in the parking lot you're in, and then you'll see this little heat thing based on how close you are to the thing behind you. So I'm right against the curb now, so that's why it's red. It's decent, I mean that's all-improved with Tesla Model 3. These are also now softer, better seats in the front, 